Create a program that will accept the following details and will
provide a comprehensive analysis of the input details from the user:

1. Full name
2. Address
3. Course
4. Favorite Movie (from 2000-2023)
5. Favorite number
6. Favorite movie character (from 2000-2023)
7. Favorite food
8. Birth date
9. Birth place
10. Prefer number of Children

Validate each input and check if the value is not a made up value e.g. abcdef,xz345.

If the input validation fails. Rerun the program after 20 secs

If the validation still fails - increase each rerun iteration by 5 secs
5 rerun iteration next num is after 40 secs.

Otherwise, assign the details to their respective POJO (Plain Old Java Object).

Once done, check this following condition:
1. What is the reign of the user's address? (e.g. Cavite -> Region IV-A)
2. What classification of the user's course? (e.g. IT -> Technology)
3. How many consonants and vowels in the user's full name?
4. How many words in the user's full name?
5. Check if the user's age is Senior, Mid, Teenager, Child or Baby
6. Check what is the zodiac sign of the user
7. Identify if the user's fav. movie is action, comedy, or thriller
8. Identify if the user's fav. movie character is the main character or supporting character.
9. Get the binary, octal & hexadecimal value of the user's  fav. number
10. Provide user's own psychological feedback based on the preferred number of children by the user.

Provide a comprehensive report of the user's input details in paragraph form using
the conditions above. Proper indention & spacing should be observed. If the paragraph is
greater than 300 words letters insert a nextline. Once you provide the comprehensive report
to the user, the user can provide a reply and the program will analyze the reply. Check if the
reply of the user is greater than 300 words -> if yes, ask the user if he/she wants to play a game,
exit the program if the reply is equal to 300 words, exit the program. If the reply is less than 30 words
redirect the user to play a minesweeper game.

The race car game mechanics:
-> user to input the race distance in meters.
-> user to input if the car is automatic or manual.
-> AI is always automatic.
-> countdown timer (3-2-1) at the start of the race.
-> user controls are gas, break & engine shift (if manual)
-> for manual / automatic cars the shift is up to 6 gears
-> for automatic cars,the shift goes up every increase of 20 in acceleration.
-> acceleration value should be displayed for both iser & AI
-> provide the winner of the game.
-> the probability for the car to heat up & stop in the middle of the race is 20%